This directory has been prepared in part to facilitate the assessment of
the numerical results presented in the paper 'On the B-differential of
the componentwise minimum of two affine vector functions' by J.-P.
Dussault, J.Ch. Gilbert and B. Plaqevent-Jourdain. This paper is
available on http://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-04048393.

The certification of the numerical results includes two steps.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

1) Certification of the contents of tables 5.2 and 5.3 of the paper.

- By running 'certify_tables_excerpt' in Matlab, one gets ascii tables
  similar to the tables 5.2 and 5.3 in the paper, on a sample of the
  test problems condidered in the paper (10 problems that do not take
  too much time to run) and for 4 solvers. The output of this run should
  be close to the one given in the file
  'res/certify_tables_excerpt.txt'. On these limited number of test
  problems, the mean and median ratios are, of course, not identical to
  those given in the paper.
- By running 'certify_tables' in Matlab, one gets ascii tables similar
  to the tables 5.2 and 5.3 in the paper, on all its 33 test problems
  and the 8 solvers. This run takes much time (about 15 hours on our
  labtop). The output of this run should be close to the one given in
  the file 'res/certify_tables.txt'.
- By running 'main' in Matlab, one can check one problem at a time,
  after specifying the chosen problem (essentially a matrix V) and the
  chosen solver in the file 'main.m' (see the comments in this code).

We have observed some small changes with respect to the statistics
reported in the paper in table 5.2. These do not modify the conclusions
of the paper and the new numbers have been reported in the new version
of the paper.

Other changes occur in table 5.3, which deals with computing times. In
the paper, the computing time has been measured when the ISF code prints
a lot of information, which is common to all the runs. This is not the
case with the code 'certify_tables'. As a result, the 'ratios' are much
better in the second table resulting from the code 'certify_tables' than
those given in the paper. In table 5.3:

- the mean ratios go from 7..15 to 13..30,
- the median ratios go from 3..15 to 3..27,

hence a significant improvement. These ratios are the speed-up with
respect to the simulated code of Rada and Černý. This has been corrected
in the new version of the paper.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

2) Certification of the B-differentiel computed by all the codes.

We have limited here the verification to the problem 'rand-7-10-5'
(chosen because it provides the best computing time, with the solver
'ISF(AD4)').

The code 'certify_isf.m' realizes this job.

If the message "the sign vectors are identical to those computed by
algorithm 'bf'" is output by a solver, this means that it computes
correctly the sign vectors (hence the same B-differential), i.e., these
sign vectors are identical to those computed by the 'brute force'
algorithm (for more information on this latter algorithm, see section
5.2.1 of the full report 'On the B-differential of the componentwise
minimum of two affine vector functions -- The full report'  by J.-P.
Dussault, J.Ch. Gilbert and B. Plaqevent-Jourdain [hal-03872711]).

The sign vectors computed for the problem 'rand-7-10-5' are listed in
'rand-7-10-5-sign-vectors.txt'. There is one sign vector per line. Each
line represents the binary form of the sign vector: 1 stands for '+1'
and 0 stands for '-1'.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

3) This is not part of the refereeing, but the directory also contains
the code 'main_bdiffmin.m' that directly provides the B-differential of
the minimum of the two affine vector functions associated with the LCP
described in section 5.2.9 of the full report 'On the B-differential of
the componentwise minimum of two affine vector functions -- The full
report'  by J.-P. Dussault, J.Ch. Gilbert and B. Plaqevent-Jourdain
[hal-03872711].

Just type 'main_bdiffmin' in the Matlab window to get the 6 Jacobians of
the B-differential and the 2 matrices that are in its complement.
